README.md, before:

# `conmath`: Convenience Math Macros

The `conmath` package provides convenience shorthand math macros such as
(auto-)delimited operators, (auto-)delimited vector calculus operators
and some commands for quickly producing diagonal matrices, 
column, and row vectors.

It depends on [mathtools](https://ctan.org/pkg/mathtools)
and optionally on [bm](https://ctan.org/pkg/bm).


## Unpacking the Source Code

To unpack the source code use

``` shell
TEX conmath.ins
```

## Generating the Documentation

To produce the documentation run `conmath.dtx` through `*latex`.


## License

Copyright (C) 2024 Marcel Ilg

This work may be distributed and/or modified under the
conditions of the LaTeX Project Public License, either version 1.3
of this license or (at your option) any later version.
The latest version of this license is in
https://www.latex-project.org/lppl.txt
and version 1.3 or later is part of all distributions of LaTeX
version 2005/12/01 or later.

This work has the LPPL maintenance status "maintained".

The Current Maintainer of this work is Marcel Ilg.

This work consists of the files listed in `MANIFEST.md`.

Commit message:

Add note about unstable versions to readme
I do not make any guarantees to the stability of the interface until
version v1.0.0 has been reached. Make the README reflect this.

README.md, after:

# `conmath`: Convenience Math Macros

The `conmath` package provides convenience shorthand math macros such as
(auto-)delimited operators, (auto-)delimited vector calculus operators
and some commands for quickly producing diagonal matrices, 
column, and row vectors.

It depends on [mathtools](https://ctan.org/pkg/mathtools)
and optionally on [bm](https://ctan.org/pkg/bm).

_____
**Note: This package is still in its initial development phase.**

Its interface may be subject to change until version 1.0.0 has been reached.

_____

## Unpacking the Source Code

To unpack the source code use

``` shell
TEX conmath.ins
```

## Generating the Documentation

To produce the documentation run `conmath.dtx` through `*latex`.


## License

Copyright (C) 2024 Marcel Ilg

This work may be distributed and/or modified under the
conditions of the LaTeX Project Public License, either version 1.3
of this license or (at your option) any later version.
The latest version of this license is in
https://www.latex-project.org/lppl.txt
and version 1.3 or later is part of all distributions of LaTeX
version 2005/12/01 or later.

This work has the LPPL maintenance status "maintained".

The Current Maintainer of this work is Marcel Ilg.

This work consists of the files listed in `MANIFEST.md`.
